Okay. So, we saw that in the last video,
we were actually doing an unbox web part,
you unbox a complete boilerplate code that we're using.
Once we're done with that, it's going to complete takes about a minute or so.
So, that was Truffle boxes tools that we used,
and then now we're also going to use the MetaMask.
Again, you should already have MetaMask installed.
So, let's go make sure that we have MetaMask installed.
Okay. So, if you look on a browser window on the side,
one of these things that comes up,
that is to make sure that you have MetaMask installed.
If you don't have MetaMask installed,
you can just go to your app store and download MetaMask, that's it.
So again, MetaMask is something that we use to connect our back end,
with the local Ethereum network.
So, remember, once we installed or run the Truffle develop command,
it actually starts local development console,
Ethereum network for you.
Now, to connect that to the front end,
that is what MetaMask does, okay.
So, you're going to go to MetaMask and make sure if that's installed.
In fact, let me show you. I'm actually going to go run
the Truffle development console first.
Okay. So now, we have everything set up.
If you saw and I'm going to go run it.
So, if you see I'm actually inside my directory,
in case I'm inside the directory I made,
and inside the directory also unbox the Truffle Webpack.
Now, I'm going to actually run the development console,
that actually what this does,
it actually starts a local Ethereum network for you,
so let's go run that. Okay, fantastic.
If you see it gave you 10 accounts to deal with 10 private keys,
also that also come along with it.
Now, if you see it also gives you, it actually starts Truffle on this port, okay?
So, that's the port number that Truffle is running out of the Ethereum network.
So, I'm going to copy this and this is what we'll use to connect our two MetaMasks,
so let's go back to our MetaMask now.
So, that's the MetaMask, so I'm going to go click right there.
So, if you see this is the dropdown menu for connecting to other networks,
I'm connected to Rinkeby right now.
So, let's go connect to a private network.
I've already have that, but if you don't have that,
just go to Custom RPC.
Then, you're going to enter that URL,
that Truffle develop gave you and I'm going to hit save.
Of course, it's going to ask you to reload because it's reconnecting to everything again.
Let's go back to a MetaMask and you'll see it's connected to a private network,
and this is how it starts up.
Also, wanted to let you know you can also import your account, okay?
The way you do that, go to your terminal,
if you see all these accounts right here,
and all these private keys at right here.
So, I'm going to in fact show you.
Let me go pick a private.
I'm going to just pick up because I think I've already imported the first ones.
Let me pick up one of these ones,
and I'm going to show you how you can import your accounts into MetaMask.
So, what you do, is you get the private key of the account
that you want to import. Copied it.
So, let's go back to a MetaMask.
I'm going to say, I want to import an account.
So, I'm going to say, "Import account".
I'm going to paste my assays to paste to private key right there.
I'm going to paste my private key, then I say, "Hit import."
Fantastic. So, if you see this account address that it pulled up, the d one.
If you look at this address right there,
the d one and the account for,
this should match with the private key that we had.
So, see if it's d one.
So, number 4 and that's number 4 again this private key.
So, this is how you get MetaMask, everything all set up.
The last tool we're going to be using is Infura.
Again, you already should have Infura set up.
Again, we're not going to use Infura for our lesson,
but you will need this setup for your project.
If you don't really remember,
you know how you've set up Infura or if you'd not sure,
but you should have, I'm actually going to give a link to one of the lessons.
We covered that in course four in one of the lessons,
solidity we can borrow.
Couldn't be in detail on how to set up Infura,
I'm going to give a link to that lesson right below this video.